## Technologies I'm confident with

- **Php**: Wordpress is the CMS for which I developed a lot. Obviously I work with *MVC frameworks* as Cake Php or *Laravel*
- **Javascript**: It's my favorite programming language. I wrote some huge *single-page applications* (like for winmedical and not only) using *knockout* or *angular js* as frameworks.
I wrote a lot of NodeJS applications, for realtime communiation but even general purpose such as some *scrapers* or *libraries*
- **High level languages** : I've worked, mainly in the past with C# and Java. In C# I developed various projects using .NET framework: ASP.net, WCF, windows form and Microsoft MVC. I'm not an expert anyway.
In Java I developed little Android applications, used RED5. Even these are not my strenghts.
- **Git and others VCS**: I'm experienced with git and I also used SVN and Team Foundation System. I organized and teached several *git training courses* (basic and intermediate)
- **Databases**: In sql-world I know Postgres, MySql and SQL Server (2005-8). About non-relational databases I'm experienced with MongoDB and Cassandra.
- **ElasticSearch**: I've developed custom search application using ES (for automotive company) taking care from system management to application building.
- **System management**: A huge part of my work has always been system integration. I learned a lot of tecnologies to make my work, and the work of my collagues, easier. So, in the years I set up development environments, starting from linux deployment systems arriving nowadays, to set up *Vagrant* environments. *Puppet* and *Ansible* became friends of mine within *Grunt* and a bunch of *test suites*. I also dived into integration system, from self managed as *Jenkins* to online services such as *Travis-ci* and similar. I manage internal git repositories and server at 3logic and their linux based machines. Working with *Amazon AWS* I became confident with its services as *EC2*, *Cloudfront*, *S3* and its general service management.